feat(nand_flash): Add nand flash support, based on dhara nand library (#290)
espressif/idf-extra-components: spi_nand_flash/README.md

* SPI Interface: The SPI protocol allows for straightforward communication between the microcontroller and the NAND Flash. This simplicity in interface design facilitates easy integration into embedded systems.

* Cost-Effective: SPI NAND Flash offers a cost-effective storage solution, making it attractive for applications with budget constraints. Its competitive pricing makes it a viable option for a wide range of projects.

* High Density: NAND Flash technology inherently supports high-density storage, enabling the storage of large amounts of data in a compact form factor. This is advantageous for applications requiring extensive data storage in constrained spaces.

* Fast Read/Write Operations: The SPI interface enables reasonably fast read and write operations, making it suitable for applications where data access speed is crucial.

## Supported SPI NAND Flash chips

At present, `spi_nand_flash` component is compatible with the chips produced by the following manufacturers:

* Winbond
* Gigadevice

> * Alliance

Reviewer: Can we list the specific models we support? I am not sure the driver can work with _all_ the NAND models from these vendors.

# SPI NAND Flash Driver

> This driver is designed to support SPI nand flash with ESP chipsets.

Reviewer: Let's use NAND consistently throughout the document

```suggestion
This driver is designed to support SPI NAND Flash with ESP chipsets.
```

### Key Features:
* Non-Volatile Storage: SPI NAND Flash provides non-volatile storage, retaining data even when power is removed. This characteristic makes it ideal for storing critical system information and application data.

* SPI Interface: The SPI protocol allows for straightforward communication between the microcontroller and the NAND Flash. This simplicity in interface design facilitates easy integration into embedded systems.

* Cost-Effective: SPI NAND Flash offers a cost-effective storage solution, making it attractive for applications with budget constraints. Its competitive pricing makes it a viable option for a wide range of projects.

* High Density: NAND Flash technology inherently supports high-density storage, enabling the storage of large amounts of data in a compact form factor. This is advantageous for applications requiring extensive data storage in constrained spaces.

* Fast Read/Write Operations: The SPI interface enables reasonably fast read and write operations, making it suitable for applications where data access speed is crucial.

## Example

> Get started with demo example: [nand_flash](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/tree/master/examples/storage/nand_flash)

Reviewer: I think you need to put this example into the `examples` subdirectory of this component. Please see e.g. esp_delta_ota component for reference.

> Get started with demo example: [nand_flash](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/tree/master/examples/storage/nand_flash)

Author: The example relies on this component. Hence, I was holding off until this component is added to the registry before incorporating the example. However, I believe Ivan's suggestion to include it within the same component is a better approach. I will update the same. Thank you!

## Supported SPI NAND Flash chips

> At present, ESP-IDF is compatible with the chips produced by following SPI NAND flash manufacturer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At present, `spi_nand_flash` component is compatible with the chips produced by the following manufacturers:
```

* Winbond
* Gigadevice

> * Alliance

Reviewer: Please add a section mentioning that this component includes Dhara library (link), licensed under ... license (link).
